Readme files (#2)
NTIA/vqm: CVQM.md

Reviewer: Please capitalize NTIA TR

Every original / processed video sequence pair is run through two main steps. First, the requested calibration is run, and results are saved in a file named after the processed video file, with '_calibration.txt' appended. Second, the requested model is run, and results are saved in a file named after the processed video file, with '_model.txt' appended.

Any errors that occur are recorded in a file named after the processed video file, with '_errors.txt' appended. If that file is absent, no errors occurred. Each line on this file will start with a number, indicating error type, and then a string describing the error. 
Type 1 errors are fatal data input/output issues (e.g., operation cannot continue due to invalid input argument, file read error, or file write error). Type 2 errors are calibration warnings (e.g., still sequence, temporal registration failure, spatial shift beyond search limits). Type 3 errors are non-fatal warnings.

## VQM Model Options

> The following VQM models options are available:

Reviewer 2: Is "... models options ..." correct?
Should this be "model options" or "model's options"?

Author: changed to VQM software's options

* 'none'- No model will be calculated - run calibration only (see below).
* 'general' - NTIA General Model, as given in the ANSI T1.801.03-2003, ITU-T J.144 (03/04), ITU-R BT.1683 (06/04), and [NTIA TR-02-392](https://its.ntia.gov/publications/details?pub=2423). 
* 'developers' - Developer's model, a fast running variant of the General Model, described in [NTIA TR-02-392](https://its.ntia.gov/publications/details?pub=2423)

> * 'lowbw' - Low Bandwidth Model, described [here](https://its.ntia.gov/publications/details?pub=2575)

Reviewer 2: Using "here" as the link word seems a bit disjoint when all the others are like "NTIA TR-02-392". Maybe use the paper's title like shown below?
```suggestion
* 'lowbw' - Low Bandwidth Model, described in the paper [Low Bandwidth Reduced Reference Video Quality Monitoring System](https://its.ntia.gov/publications/details?pub=2575)
```

Author: done.

* 'fastlowbw' - Fast Low Bandwidth Model, a fast running variant of the low bandwidth model 

The CVQM software provides a clean implementation of these VQM models. 
It is intended to be ported into other programming languages or to be called from other software. 

## Calibration Options
The following calibration options are available. 

> Technical details are available in [TR-02-392](https://its.ntia.gov/publications/details?pub=2423) and [TR-06-433b](https://its.ntia.gov/publications/details?pub=2465).

Reviewer: NTIA TR is now preferred.

Author: Fixed throughout.

### 'none'
No calibration will be performed. Assume that the first frame in original and processed video files align temporally. Run model with default calibration values which assumes that the processed video file is perfectly calibrated.

### 'manual' 
Read the calibration file created on a previous run. The values on the beginning of each line may be manually modified.

### 'rrcal' 

> Perform reduced reference calibration as given in ntia_tr_06_433a.pdf (except assume no spatial scaling). These algorithms use random processes, which may yield slightly different results from one run to another. 

Reviewer: Please capitalize NTIA TR and remove the .pdf. Really, a properly formatted hyperlink as above would be preferable.

Author: I corrected all of these references to TR-06-433 and updated them from 433a to 433b.

It is highly recommended that rrcal results be median filtered across 7 or more different video sequences that have been sent through the same video system (see Calibration Note below).

### 'rrcalscale' 

> Perform reduced reference calibration as given in ntia_tr_06_433a.pdf, including estimating spatial scaling (e.g., stretch). These algorithms use random processes, which may yield slightly different results from one run to another. 

Reviewer: NTIA TR -- see line 34 comment

Author: Done.

It is highly recommended that rrcalscale results be median filtered across 7 or more different video sequences that have been sent through the same video system (see Calibration Note below).

### 'rrcal2' 

> Improved version of 'rrcal' - version 2, as specified in ITU-T Recommendation J.244 and ntia_tr_08_433b.pdf (see also 'rrcal2scale'). Includes estimate of Cb and Cr gain and offset; and slightly improved luminance gain & offset algorithm.

Reviewer: See line 34 comment

Author: done

### 'rrcal2scale' 

> Improved version of 'rrcalscale' - version 2, as specified in ITU-T Recommendation J.244 and ntia_tr_08_433b.pdf (see also 'rrcal2'). Includes estimate of Cb and Cr gain and offset; and slightly improved luminance gain & offset algorithm.

Reviewer: ditto

Author: done
